Add Java codemod development tutorial (#9)
pixee/codemodder-docs: docs/languages/java/building_codemod.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Building & Running Your Codemod
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> There are 3 steps for turning our codemod type into a runnable codemod artifact -- creating the CLI entry point, pointing to that entry point!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three steps for turning our codemod type into a runnable codemod artifact -- creating the CLI entry point, pointing to that entry point!
```
This is a little confusing to me; you mention there are three things but I only see two. I think the whole thing can be reworded a bit and maybe made a bit clearer as a bulleted list.

## Create the CLI Entry Point

> Codemodder is a library for building codemod CLIs... so where is the CLI part? We need to create a small piece of code to actually invoke our codemods. Let's create a new type, `App.java`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Codemodder is a library for building codemods. We need to write a small piece of code to enable our codemods to be invoked using a CLI entry point. Let's create a new type, `App.java`:
```

Reviewer: Just for the record: this is not exactly how we have conceived of third-party codemod development in Python. Codemodder is implemented as a library _and_ a CLI and we sort of anticipated using a plugin architecture to enable third-party codemods to run as well. Probably this is language-specific enough that if we document it well the difference  between Python and Java isn't really important.
